hi everybody welcome to my channel if
you want to see how I turned to regular
t-shirts into these awesome pieces
please continue watching I hope you
liked this video it's a very simple DIY
so let me know what you guys think in
the comment area below if you guys like
it okay so for this one you'll need a
regular t-shirt fabric mesh I got this
from Walmart a fabric glue or if you
prefer using a tread and a needle you
can use that as well and last but not
least you need a scissor okay so first I
start by straining out the shirt on a
flat surface and then I measure how much
I want to cut and then I fold this shirt
so I can cut it in a relatively straight
line you don't have to be precise it's
just to make you work easier once you've
done that the next step is to cut it out
and also fold the other piece that you
just cut out the bottom piece fold that
in half or whichever line they prefer
and cut that out so I'm taking the
bottom part of the t-shirt with the
hemline and everything already
structured make sure you leave a space
in between the two cutouts the next step
is to measure out how much fabric mesh
you're gonna need for the whole round of
the t-shirt and then cut that out
next turn the two cut out pieces inside
out and fold the edges
once the edges are folded I'm going to
iron the folded side so will be easier
for me to glue it and it will also have
a straight line so the work would
actually look like you bought it from a
store next fold the fabric mesh into two
on the longer side and then start
putting some glue on the side that you
just folded pulled from the inside and
out and then attach it to the fabric
mesh for both the top and the bottom
part of the piece I'm using the tip of
the fabric glue container to press the
mesh onto the shirt as I'm applying the
glue and don't worry the glue is going
to dry quite clear so I'm not going to
fear as white as when you apply it once
at the top and the bottom sides of one
side is done let it dry out for a few
minutes and then turn your work around
and do the same thing on the other side
this part is optional but for me I
didn't want to leave them as they were
so I'm cutting the sleeves diagonally
folding the edges and then applying the
fabric glue inside the folded area like
so let it dry off for for about an hour
or two and this finish result
for this next print t-shirt what you're
going to need is a scissor a tread and a
needle or you can also use a glue
whichever one you prefer so the same way
as the first one measure how much you
want to cut and using your scissor just
cut that part off so I'm going to pick
up the cut out part and then place it on
top of the teacher and use it as a
guideline to where I'm going to stop
cutting next all I'm doing is just
cutting tiny pieces like so so they can
become the fringes make sure the t-shirt
is inside out again so for the sleeves
I'm folding it twice and then I'm gonna
use the tread and the needle to secure
the the folded sides I use the tread and
unable to sole it in three spots
remember it's optional to use the thread
and the needle you can use the fabric
cool here would actually be easier but I
prefer using the thread and the needle
next I'm just stretching out the fabric
just by holding it on the two ends and
that's all we have to do for this
project
you